where
for Notre Dame in the first month of the
season it's been a season so far of what
ifs what if they hadn't turned the ball
over so many times especially in the red
zone and on their opponents side of the
50 and right now when you take a look at
the stance Cesar some stats Brian Kelly
would like to put in a drawer and close
quickly 15 turnovers type of Tulsa for
the most the minus 10 turnover margin is
worst in the country you can see with
those fumbles and interceptions have
done to this football team welcome
everybody Brad Nessler along with Todd
Blackledge and lad you know we talked to
Brian Kelly earlier this week and I said
coach if it wasn't for all the turnovers
would you before no he didn't really
give us an answer but it's a strong
possibility actually they may be for
know for sure I think they'd be three
and one they were right in both games a
loss they gained over 500 yards and both
of them but five turnovers in each is
what did a min now this is a talented
football team and they are good enough
to win every game remaining on their
schedule but they've got to get the
turnover thing fixed and I think it
starts with their quarterback Tommy Rees
you know he was responsible for 10 and
the 15 turnovers can they get that picks
they've got talent and the good news for
Notre Dame is defensively they played
very consistently and they've been great
in sudden change situations when their
offense has turned it over the defense
has played well and the other thing is
the two teams they lost two or at least
in the top 20 you can't say that for
Purdue there too and one but they're
very untested right now they've played
three games the combined record or their
three opponents one and eight the lone
win being Rice's last second win over
this Purdue team I think that they're a
team that's going to be dangerous
tonight in particularly if Notre Dame
doesn't take care of the football I like
their quarterback Caleb TerBush I think
he's got some moxie he's got some
physical ability and they had a week off
extra time to prepare for this Notre
Dame team all right let's check in third
member of our team down in the field is
holly rowe Holly well guys one thing
Purdue's been able to do very well this
season is
from the football they're actually 258
yards per game but then comment based a
defense like those need tonight the
Irish have been stingy against the run
in fact they've given up only one
rushing touchdown offseason so they may
have to rely on the arm of their
quarterbacks Caleb TerBush as you said
todd has done a great job completing
sixty-three percent of his passes in
just his fourth game as a starter
tonight but he'll get some help Robert
mark who's been a starter last season is
back back from a knee injury guys last
year against the Irish he did a great
job 31 of 42 passing for two touchdowns
and he ran 123 yards coaches say they're
committed to getting him in in the first
half all right Holly you can tell by
Holly's attire the people behind her
that it is football whether it's about
50 degrees in West Lafayette the
Boilermakers take the feet on their home
turf
only the seventh night game in ross-ade
stadium history
the third time tonight that they met the
Fighting Irish their in-state rivals
from South bail
Brian Kelly and no today
his daily hope and Purdue it's coming
out the kick off his next
you